Make HTTP request object available to `AuthManager` (#14776)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/admin/authentication.md

The provided sample configuration file has numerous commented out examples and serves as the most up-to-date source
of documentation on configuring these plugins.

It is relatively straight-forward to add a custom authenticator to the framework. In this example, we will demonstrate 

> a new authenticator based on LDAP authenticator that performs custom checks besides password verification for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new authenticator based on the LDAP authenticator that performs custom checks besides password verification for 
```

> authenticating a user to Galaxy instance. First, we will create authenticator source file in directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticating a user on the Galaxy instance. First, we will create an authenticator source file
```

> `lib/galaxy/auth/providers/ldap_custom.py` with following content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lib/galaxy/auth/providers/ldap_custom.py` with the following content:
```

```
import logging
import ipaddress

from ..providers.ldap_ad import LDAP

log = logging.getLogger(__name__)

class LDAPCustom(LDAP):
    """
    Attempts to authenticate users against an LDAP server.
    """

    plugin_type = "ldap_custom"

    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__()

    def authenticate(self, email, username, password, options, request):
        """
        See abstract method documentation.
        """
        if options.get("continue-on-failure", "False") == "False":
            failure_mode = None  # reject and do not continue
        else:
            failure_mode = False  # reject but continue
        # Check if user's remote IP is declared in whitelisted IPs
        if "white-listed-ips" in options:
            user_remote_ip = request.remote_addr
            # Get all white listed IPs from the config file
            white_listed_ips = options.get("white-listed-ips")
            # Convert them into a list
            white_listed_ips = white_listed_ips.split(' ')

>             # Convert user remote IP into IPv4Network object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Convert user remote IP into IPv4Address object
```

>             user_remote_ip_obj = ipaddress.IPv4Network(user_remote_ip)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            user_remote_ip_obj = ipaddress.IPv4Address(user_remote_ip)
```

            white_listed_ip_objs = [ipaddress.IPv4Network(ip) for ip in white_listed_ip_objs]
            # Make sure white_listed_ip_objs is not empty
            if white_listed_ip_objs:
                # Effectively we are checking if remote ip network subnet
                # is subset of allowed subnets. If at least one subnet matches,
                # we allow user to authenticate

>                 allowed = any([user_remote_ip_obj.subnet_of(sn) for sn in white_listed_ip_objs])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                allowed = any(user_remote_ip_obj in sn for sn in white_listed_ip_objs)
```
